I will not forgive you,
even if it denies my career as a cop.
When could I have stopped you?
At which point could I have done so?
You shouldn't have killed
under any circumstance.
For the sake of the police and Ibuki.
Graffiti?
I left the van outside overnight.
They got some nerve
vandalizing a police van.
They didn't know that it was.
That should work well.
How's Ibuki doing?
Have you two talked about Gamagori since?
No, not at all.
He couldn't make it on time.
He knows that better than anybody.
There's no point reminding him.
You're right.
It's part of being a detective.
You just accept it and move on.
That's all.
New findings
on the bug placed in my house.
Someone paid
the repair service to plant the bug.
We only knew the color of the car,
so it took us time to find it.
It frequently stops by
at the Tatsui gang's office.
So, Etori was behind it.
Yes.
How is the gang related to Etori?
He's the danbe.
Danbe?
Or tanimachi.
The sponsor.
The Tatsui gang was dirt-poor.
All of a sudden,
they get wealthy and gain influence.
Etori must have helped them.
It's no good. The paint's not coming off.
Detergent. Cool.
No. 4 Anti-Organized Crime
is observing the gang's partners now.
And look what I've found.
The prank-call runner?
It resembles Gaku Narikawa, no?
That's him.
Narikawa.
He's the only kid who got away.
He's still missing according
to West Musashino PD.
He never went home or called home.
Really?
It's been five months.
His parents must be worried.
Actually,
they're not so keen on finding him.
That's hard to understand.
I'll have the parents see the photo.
Good.
-Help me out, Shima.
-Um…
Can I go see his parents?
What?
I let him get away.
Everybody else got caught,
paid their price, and went home.
If someone else,
had gone after him that day…
I told you.
You won't last
beating yourself up like that.
We're cops.
We don't count our failures
but our successes.
Can I forget about Narikawa now
and continue my work?
I doubt that I can. Please.
Work isn't about your feelings.
But I like the spirit.
I do too.
Allow me.
This place is amazing.
Get us some water.
Sure.
So…
Nightcrawler is currently ranked 51st.
That's amazing.
It's all about information.
So… what's up?
It's not my usual source.
Can you look for this person?
There's a 10 million-yen prize
to anyone who catches her.
This con artist Mugi Hano duped Mr. Etori.
Those guys found her
and kept an eye on her,
but she noticed them and got away.
Let's find her first and split the prize.
And the police?
They're still not on to it.
Interesting.
Shima. Let's say we reach
retirement as detectives.
That's a long way off.
Will we have had more cases
where we made a difference?
Or more where we helped nobody?
Maybe the number of cases where
we helped nobody by a large margin.
I remember our first day together.
You told me something that day.
MIU is cool.
We can stop someone
from getting into the worst situation.
It's a great job!
Huh?
That was a great quote.
It moved me.
"Together with this wild idiot,
I might be able to make up for my past."
"Make up for the cases
where I couldn't help someone."
"I could direct someone
to a brighter future."
"I could save someone."
Can we stop them?
Yes, we can.
How do we look for them?
By using people's goodwill.
Goodwill?
"I'm looking for my daughter
and my grandson."
Send.
Then we do the same on my other accounts.
MY FRIEND'S SON HAS GONE MISSING
MUGI HANO AND YUTAKA
Will we make it on time?
We'll make it.
Hurry up. You're late.
Do you have everything?
We'll make it.
MY CHILD GOES TO SCHOOL WITH HIM.
WHEN DID HE GO MISSING?
We're questioning Mugi Hano again?
Yes.
Anti-Organized Crime's
Director Yamazaki insists.
We already have her statement.
We don't know his real name or his face.
A portrait from Mugi Hano's statement.
That's all we have.
We've no concrete proof that Etori exists.
The info Hano got from him allowed us
to bust the casino in Ikebukuro.
What if she was a regular at the casino?
She loses a fortune gambling,
comes up with Etori the stalker,
tells the police out of spite.
Impossible.
Let's call in Mugi Hano once again.
We'll convince them
her statement is credible.
Let's do that today.
Today?
How convenient.
That was your inner voice, right?
That's right.
On one condition.
We do it at our Shibaura office,
not at MPD HQ.
-Here.
-Thanks.
Thanks for coming.
This way, please.
Hello.
We got it from here.
We're told to stay with her.
We're the bodydog.
What's a bodydog?
You mean "guard."
We're the guard dog.
Your first encounter
with Etori was in the winter of 2016.
Yes.
I was a teacher at a kindergarten.
The meager salary alone wasn't enough,
so I had a side job on weekends.
That's where I met Etori.
He'd come every week asking
for me to sit with him.
How to con hostesses at an illegal casino.
How to get them in debt
and make them work for him.
How powerful a man he was…
He'd boast to me about these things.
But gradually, he started to threaten me.
He said once a woman becomes his favorite,
she has no choice but to become his toy.
Until he loses interest.
He said if I resist,
I'd be taken to a dark,
cold, small place
where I'd never be able to leave.
I got scared.
So I went to the police to get help.
They told me they couldn't help me.
Nobody knew Etori's real identity.
They said I was imagining things.
The only person who believed me was…
Ms. Kikyo.
DIE YOU CRIMINAL
Is this your son?
He resembles him.
Please take a better look.
Did you file a complaint
for the graffiti outside?
It's a consequence of what he did.
Gaku did obstruct police duties
by making prank calls. That's true.
But spreading a minor's
real name on the Internet,
or harassing his family
like this are also crimes.
My eldest son is studying
to get into college.
It's a crucial time in his life.
-And you just walk in to talk about Gaku.
-He is your son.
I'm taking care of my son who is here now.
Things have finally calmed down here.
Please leave us alone.
Gaku's been associating with usurers.
It's one of the bases
of a yakuza gang faction.
We need to find Gaku,
so he won't commit more crimes.
Please, help us.
He did call me once
from a withheld number.
It was July 1st, my birthday.
He said he was sorry
for causing us trouble.
What else did he say?
A guy named Kuzumi was taking care of him.
He told me not to worry.
Mr. Kuzumi.
You told me about an investment plan.
How I could buy stocks of a CG firm
and become a board member?
How much can you spend?
Five million.
That's impressive.
Mr. Etori's involved.
I see.
Tell me.
He's looking for a woman.
Again? That guy is ill.
He's a serious player, right?
You could say that.
This place belongs to him.
He's the boss of the pack.
Wow.
Oh, hey.
Nightcrawler is doing very well.
He said he's having
trouble beating this Daisogen person.
Let me talk to a friend.
By the way, if you piss Mr. Etori off,
you'll be floating in the Dotonbori River.
-What?
-But we're in Tokyo.
There is no Dotonbori River here.
"Okay," he says. Let's see.
Daisogen is… banned.
What?
Seriously? What?
Scumbags like us need to help one another.
They all look the same.
Yutaka, want to come over?
Totally, totally.
I found him.
Questioning is so tiring, isn't it?
I hate it.
But you're a cop.
Tactics to make them talk.
Asking tricky questions.
They sicken me.
It's like digging
inside people with a scalpel.
I wish there were only the front side.
Front side?
A world with no back side.
Where bad guys get caught.
Where hard work pays.
Where the just live without regrets.
Hamu-chan. Look ahead.
This is my most favorite road.
Really?
You didn't know? It is.
Okay.
I feel like I've come home
when I pass through this section.
You're so energetic.
Someone is living
inside each of those windows.
How can I say this?
Everybody is living their life.
It's a city protected by everyone at MIU.
Okay. We've arrived.
See you at the Shibaura office tomorrow.
Thanks.
This Etori is a real creep.
The king of creeps.
He controls people with money and power.
If somebody hurts Hamu-chan,
hurts the captain, or Yutaka,
I will not forgive that person.
I will not.
Don't worry. I won't either.
We'll catch Etori
before he can do anything.
You're right.
What is it?
-Hey.
-Police.
What are you doing?
Hey, Shima.
He's Special Reporter Rec.
-I'm Rec.
-Wow. Do that thing.
You know, the usual.
Rec the check.
What are you filming
snooping around all the time?
How do you play this?
That's abuse of authority.
Ibuki. Give it back.
Give it back.
Yukai Kojima. That's a wicked name.
Is it?
Thanks for your cooperation.
You can upload videos,
but secret photography and spreading
misleading content are illegal.
Please be careful.
You be careful.
Who was he?
I said we're No.4 MIU.
That's it.
Where's the strainer?
Musashino udon noodles are tough.
It'll strengthen mouth muscles.
Your mouth will get buff.
We're back.
Welcome back.
They got us Musashino udon.
Looks delicious. Why are you two here?
To tell you
that the Basilica High case is over.
Concerning donut EP?
And the principal?
She was quite persistent.
We gathered all the evidence that
the drug was being sold at school,
and we threw it at her face.
She ultimately took
responsibility and resigned.
Concerning Narikawa,
he's working with a guy named Kuzumi
according to his mother.
-Kuzumi?
-Who's that?
He used to be a regular
of a club in Ikebukuro.
The drug that was circulating
in Basilica High came from him.
Why would he work with him?
It was the drug that ended his track team.
Right?
It's incomprehensible.
It's a mystery.
Find Kuzumi, and we'll find Narikawa.
That's what we figured,
but he's also a mystery.
All we know is that he's in his 20s
and has a Kansai accent.
Are you even trying?
I got this photo from the club.
Take a look.
It's an anti-paparazzi item
that became popular in Hollywood.
You see this?
You place these "Nano crystals"
on your smartphone,
which reflects the light…
how does it work again?
POLICE STATION
We'll drive you home.
Someone in No.4 MIU will take me.
Goodbye.
Do you remember me?
Huh?
We met in a convenience store.
Here. It's yours.
Oh.
What a coincidence.
You're a student, right?
I haven't been able to go
to school lately.
Huh?
I can't go home either.
I'm in a predicament.
Hamu-chan. Sorry, I made you wait.
That was nerve-wracking.
Well?
-Her email address.
-Yes.
Mr. Etori is willing to meet you.
Hey.
Get your phone.
DO YOU HAVE NO ONE
AROUND YOU TO TALK TO?
MUGI
Get her to come out.
Huh?
You heard me.
CAN I SEE YOU NOW?
WRITE MESSAGE
What?
Is Ibuki being nonsensical?
-Is he wooing you?
-No, no.
It's a student.
A student?
I met him before we moved.
He doesn't feel like he belongs
at his school or at home.
I see.
Hey. Time to go to bed.
SORRY, NOT THIS LATE
I'm taking a bath.
I can't do that.
That's for me.
Hello?
You're searching
the Tatsui gang's office tomorrow?
Just in time.
No 2. MIU can only supply ten men.
Can No.1 lend us a hand?
Catching the Tatsui gang
without going after Etori?
-That won't free Mugi Hano.
-Etori…
may have long forgotten about Mugi Hano.
Then why did my house get bugged?
Nothing suggests Etori made the order.
All we know is
that the Tatsui gang did it.
I'm saying Etori ordered them to.
Anti-Organized Crime are making effort.
We might find something on Etori.
That's not good enough.
Nothing will change
if we let him get away.
He can use any gang he wants.
He pays any broke gang
to do the dirty work.
He stays clean and rakes up the profit.
There will be many victims again.
Mugi Hano is just one of them.
The bottom line is
that we've nothing on Etori.
Are the police that incompetent?
We have to start from what we can do.
You want us to play Whac-A-Mole
and never catch the big fish?
That's right. Do it.
I'm Inohara of No. 4.
The op will be run
by Fourth Division, No.1 and No.2 MIU,
North Ikebukuro, Tabata and Toshima PD.
You four are going too.
Just remember that our target is
Etori and Etori only.
Concentrate on finding info
that leads us to Etori.
If Anti-Organized Crime doesn't
prioritize Etori, we will.
All right. Let's catch this guy.
We search four places.
Residence of the don,
Ojiro Family headquarters,
Tatsui gang office,
usurer's office in Uekubo Bldg.
Can I go to the building?
Where Narikawa was seen?
Yes.
Mr. Jinba will probably lead the raid.
You stay with him.
A heroin addict will be on the watch…
Yutaka. Mommy still has work
and can't come home tonight
I can sleep alone.
I wanted to ask your mommy something.
What?
A boy is in trouble, and he needs my help.
He wants to rent a room but he's a minor,
so he wants me to come with him.
You can't go outside.
Sorry.
If you find him, arrest him there.
If the gang members get violent,
arrest them for interference.
Yes.
Have a good day.
-Morning.
-Have a good day.
MR. SAWABE
Hello?
She still hasn't responded.
If we don't take her today, we're dead.
We've met Mr. Etori. He's seen our faces.
I need to go to the office now.
Make her come at any cost. Do your job.
We're at the building.
Be extremely careful.
MIU 401. We've arrived at the building.
Roger.
No movement so far.
It's Narikawa. I messed up
the task ordered by Mr. Etori.
What should I do?
Hello?
We're standing by the gang office.
Roger. Execute the mission.
MIU 404. We've arrived at gang office.
Why are we so far away?
No.4 MIU is auxiliary.
What about Mr. Jinba?
He's got the mug.
I know I'm too handsome.
Yeah, yeah, shut up.
Let's go.
Kokonoe.
Look scary.
Sorry I made you wait.
-Where's the real estate agency?
-That way.
In one minute.
I have to get back before school ends.
You're a mother?
No.
It's the son of Ms. Kikyo.
We're not related, but they are
the only two that I can call family.
If it wasn't for her,
I could have been killed by now.
What?
There's this dangerous guy.
It was either I follow his orders,
or I run far away.
30 seconds.
But why?
Why do I have to run?
Because I'm a woman?
Because I'm weak?
Roger.
Ms. Kikyo was the only person
who was willing to fight with me.
You'll find someone like that too.
You might be alone now,
but you'll meet someone.
I mean you're only 18 years old.
Keep your hopes up.
I'll do what I can to help.
I…
We're going in.
Police. Don't make a move.
UEKUBO BLDG.
All right. We're searching your office.
Hello. House search.
What the hell?
Line up in the hallway.
We've got a search warrant.
Hurry up.
They got procedures.
We can go through them.
Let's go.
-Narikawa's not here.
-Right.
PROOF OF PAYMENT
NARIKAWA
Sawabe.
SAWABE
Swb 0424.
Mr. Jinba.
What?
They might've found her.
Everything's normal. Okay!
Understood.
Who was that?
What is it?
Stay calm.
Hamu is missing.
She's not picking up.
Etori probably has her.
Wait.
Let go of me, Shima.
Stop.
We'll look for a guy named Sawabe.
He should be in this office.
He knows where she is.
We'll make it in time.
Yes.
-Go.
-Who's Sawabe?
Are you Sawabe?
Whose phone is this?
You've no right…
-What are you guys doing, MIU?
-Just shut your mouth.
SAWABE
Sawabe.
What?
Damn it.
There were so many cops outside.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Move out of my way.
The Tatsui gang is going down.
Sawabe.
Police. Freeze.
Damn, he's fast.
Hey, stop.
Where's Mugi Hano?
Stop, stop…
Ibuki. Settle down.
Hold it.
Hey, you.
He might kill you before Etori does.
Where is she?
Stop, Ibuki.
Ibuki.
Start talking. Now.
It's Narikawa.
He said he was going to meet up with her.
Here.
You can go.
Are you going to stay sulky?
I have a big heart.
You betrayed me.
You destroyed my precious casino,
but I'll let it go.
Aren't you happy?
Come on.
You're supposed to cry for joy.
Your real name…
What is your real name?
Um…
Is that woman…
really a con artist?
Is she going to…?
Come on, let's go.
Don't move. I'll sink you.
What is it?
Little brat.
Maezono.
Raid at Tatsui gang's office? Go on?
What's going on?
Please, please…
What's up?
Thank god.
I'm at Mr. Etori's place.
He's going to sink me.
Sink you?
Nah, I think you'll float.
It's no joke. He's going to kill me.
That's quite a pinch.
Help me.
Please. Please help me.
Please, please help me…
Please help me.
Narikawa.
What do I gain from helping you?
What?
You know what my name Kuzumi means?
Kuzu means "trash" and Mi means "abandon."
Well? Interesting, right? Great. Bye.
You little punk.
Will she last?
Even if she doesn't, nobody will know.
We're at the meetup spot
of Narikawa and Mugi.
Hamu-chan.
Check the cameras.
-I'll go this way.
-Hamu-chan.
Mugi Hano's GPS lost signal around here.
Check all the cameras.
-She probably took a cab to get there.
-Yes.
Check stations and bus services
for any witnesses.
Yes.
A dark, cold, small place?
"Where a woman who resists will go?"
Yes. A dark, cold, small place.
I remember.
She only heard so from someone.
That's all she knows.
If it's in Tokyo?
-A refrigerating warehouse?
-Basement?
Dark, cold…
"She'll be sunk."
Sunk?
I remember her saying that.
So, there's water.
There's water. It's dark, cold, and small.
Somewhere a person would lose hope?
Dark, cold…
small.
Water?
Mr. Taniyama. Call the fire department.
Ms. Hamu. Are you okay?
-Help.
-Somebody.
The air is thin in here.
Hang in there.
Tell Ms. Kikyo…
what I told you earlier.
Please.
Mugi.
Here's the café where we lost her signal.
There are 24 wells registered
by the fire department.
-Over here.
-We'll check.
-Not here.
-Wrong one.
Mugi?
I'm sorry.
The ones that aren't in use are
on private properties.
-Hello.
-Police.
Open the door.
I have to keep my promise.
Somebody.
Help us.
Somebody, please.
Somebody.
Help us.
I hear someone.
Somebody.
Narikawa.
Is that you?
Are you okay?
What about Mugi?
She told me to tell Ms. Kikyo.
It's the number of Etori's car.
Shinagawa…
331…
Shi-…
32.
Urgent. No.1 MIU.
Requesting emergency deployment.
Two confined in an attempted murder case.
The perps have fled in a car.
The plate number is…
Shinagawa 331,
Shi-32.
Where's Narikawa?
Grab her.
-Got her.
-Yes.
Pull.
Help them!
Okay! Okay!
Hamu-chan. Towel!
Hamu-chan.
She's got a pulse.
-Okay.
-Hamu-chan.
Hamu-chan.
Are you okay? Hamu-chan?
We made it.
We made it on time.
He's entered Chiyoda. That's us.
No.1 MIU to MIU124 and MIU131.
They're on Katashiro Street.
In front of you.
Narikawa.
Hey, Narikawa. Are you hurt?
Hey, wake up.
Hey.
Way to hang in there.
I'm sorry.
-Ready.
-MIU 131 to No.1 HQ.
We've successfully arrested Etori.
We caught Etori.
Sorry we took so long.
Thank you.
Thanks for fighting with me.
I lied and got Mugi to come out.
I sold donut EP.
I also…
I'll listen.
Hey, our eyes met.
Drone?
Officers.
MIU 131 to No.1 HQ.
Transporting the perp.
MIU vehicle?
You coppers must be…
MIU car, look out!
banned.
Holy smokes.
Get away.
Oh my god.
Etori.
MIU 404 to No.1 HQ…
I don't know, damn it.
The guy is ready to do anything.
Kokonoe is no longer in MIU.
Is it fun ruining other lives?
You cannot dupe me.
We'll catch the bomber.
Let's get this scumbag.